docs: update live-migration for v0.0.7 (#3051)
timescale/docs: _partials/_migrate_live_migration_docker_subcommand.md

the `migrate` subcommand.

The `migrate` subcommand carries out the live-migration process by taking help
of the snapshot and replication slot created by the `snapshot` subcommand.

The `clean` subcommand is designed to remove resources related to live migration.
It should be run once the migration has successfully completed or, if you need
to restart the migration process from scratch. Before initiating a restart,
you may need to clear SQL objects on the target database.

### 3.a Create a snapshot

Execute this command to establish a snapshot connection; do not interrupt the process.
For convenience, consider using a terminal multiplexer such as `tmux` or `screen`, which
enables the command to run in the background.

```sh
$ docker run --rm -it --name live-migration-snapshot \
    -e PGCOPYDB_SOURCE_PGURI=$SOURCE \
    -e PGCOPYDB_TARGET_PGURI=$TARGET \
    --pid=host \
    -v ~/live-migration:/opt/timescale/ts_cdc \
    timescale/live-migration:v0.0.7 snapshot
```

### 3.b Perform live-migration

Next, open a new terminal and initiate the live migration. Allow it to
run uninterrupted.

<Highlight type="note">

> Ensure `/live-migration` directory has sufficient space available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ensure `~/live-migration` directory has sufficient space available.
```

> Ideally, 1.5 times the source database size should be good.

Reviewer: Use the new recommendation from [@JamesGuthrie's latest PR](https://github.com/timescale/docs/pull/3050).

</Highlight>

```sh
$ docker run --rm -it --name live-migration-migrate \
    -e PGCOPYDB_SOURCE_PGURI=$SOURCE \
    -e PGCOPYDB_TARGET_PGURI=$TARGET \
    --pid=host \
    -v ~/live-migration:/opt/timescale/ts_cdc \
    timescale/live-migration:v0.0.7 migrate
```
<Highlight type="note">
If the migrate command stops for any reason during execution, you can resume
the migration from where it left off by adding a `--resume` flag. This is only

> possible if the snapshot command has not been interrupted and if a volume

Reviewer: Snapshot is needed only if you want to resume the initial data copy. 

I'm not sure how to express that concisely here.

Reviewer 2: I have added a sentence
```
Note that the `snapshot` command is required
only if you want to resume live migration in event of a crash.
```
However, I believe we should not explain what a "initial data copy" means. It might be distracting and make the doc lengthy than needed. At this point, the user only knows that I should keep the snapshot alive as that will allow live-migration to resume in any scenario, which is what we want.

```sh
export SOURCE=""
export TARGET=""
```

Next, download the live migration docker image:

```sh
$ docker run --rm -it --name live-migration \
    -e PGCOPYDB_SOURCE_PGURI=$SOURCE \
    -e PGCOPYDB_TARGET_PGURI=$TARGET \
    --pid=host \
    -v ~/live-migration:/opt/timescale/ts_cdc \
    timescale/live-migration:v0.0.7 --help

Live migration moves your PostgreSQL/TimescaleDB to Timescale Cloud with minimal downtime.

options:
  -h, --help            Show this help message and exit
  -v, --version         Show the version of live-migration tool

Subcommands:
  {snapshot,clean,migrate}
                        Subcommand help
    snapshot            Create a snapshot
    clean               Clean up resources
    migrate             Start the migration
```

Live-migration contains 3 subcommands:
1. Snapshot
1. Clean
1. Migrate

On a high-level,

the `snapshot` subcommand creates a Postgres snapshot connection to the source
database along with a replication slot. This is pre-requisite before running
the `migrate` subcommand.

The `migrate` subcommand carries out the live-migration process by taking help
of the snapshot and replication slot created by the `snapshot` subcommand.

> The `clean` subcommand is designed to remove resources related to live migration.

Reviewer: I think we also emphasise not to run clean if they want to resume the migration.

It should be run once the migration has successfully completed or, if you need
to restart the migration process from scratch. Before initiating a restart,

> you may need to clear SQL objects on the target database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you may need to clean SQL objects on the target database or create a new service and use as a new target.
```

Reviewer 2: I removed this sentence as without it I think it sounds fine.
